Ribbon for RC and unsupported (#710)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: README.md

# Foreman documentation

> This repository and `docs.theforeman.org` site contans work in progress
> content. Some guides, specifically those marked with `WIP!` ribbon in the
> top-right corner, may contant irrelevant or incorrect information. If you see
> such guide, please visit the official [Foreman
> documentation](https://theforeman.org/documentation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository and `docs.theforeman.org` site contains work in progress content.
Some guides, specifically those marked with a `DRAFT` ribbon in the top-right corner, may contain irrelevant or incorrect information.
If you see such guide, please visit the official [Foreman documentation](https://theforeman.org/documentation.html).
Feel free to open a PR or issue on Github.
```
